hamas's military Wing says it's well
prepared for Israeli forces the alasam
brigades have unveiled an air defense
system they say it will be used to
confront Israeli aircraft during the
ongoing escalation the group says it's
been locally manufactured let's bring in
jam now Jam tell us more about these
latest developments and the missiles
that Al Kasam says it's
required uh all we have heard from now
until now about this untilt that the
military wing of Hamas has revealed the
manufacturer of a new homemade air
defense system uh that's been brought
into service to confront Israel's
aircraft during the uh the war so uh
they're trying to prove their point that
they have been working on themselves and
they're going to succeed this War uh
until now we've been hearing different
uh bombings in different areas in Gaza
at the last one as my colleague said
yumna it was in ausi mosque and they
have been targeting mosques uh and uh
without any previous uh warning which
has uh been resulting in huge amounts
and numbers of casualties and what we
have been uh hearing that more raids
means more uh numbers of casualties and
death people dead people Jam do you have
any confirmation of the current death
toll as it stands we're hearing that
that number is approaching 500
Palestinians we have no new we have we
haven't we haven't had any new numbers
of uh the update from the Ministry of
Health but all that we know is they're
increasing and there isn't any space to
contain all the bodies and the
casualties uh that are coming to the
hospital okay we appreciate that update
Jamila Abu Zuna live for us in Gaza